world is not linear

nobody knows how to get a 10000 rupees ideas dont come out fully formed it comes when you start

set your goals high and dont look back

great things take time

we have to make choices

if we dont start we wont know the choke points

change begins now

if started 10-15 yrs ago we would have been great but we have to start now

we cant sit here and just ask ourselves what can we do we try we fail we rise again.

I wont give up you wont give up we wont give up

We keep on gambling till we win

kal ko kosege khud ko sochege ki kash pehle start kiye hote to aj better hota guess what ek sal pehle bhi yaji soch rahe the and kya us thought ke bad start kiye???

The world is a cruel place

lend me your hand and time i belive in you guys i just want you guys to belive in me and trust me 

together we can and together we will

banta hua steve jobs kisi ko pasand nahi ata 

world is not fair bhai

we need to put in the time 

you complain the life you choose you are not the victim you choose to sit on the side line questining what can i do when you can do so  much that many might be afraid of your capabilities but you choose to look at the dull side your life rather than polishing the bright part. You are petrified by your own standarrds and your failures. no body is to blame for who you are but only you. Tommorow when you will wake up and you will be suddenly 40 and would want to blame someone you will want to find reasons and excuses for why things didnt work out was it AI was it time NO it was you all along. You will be the only one to blame and when that thought will hit you idk if you will be able yo face youself because i wont be able to.

you have to take the risk you have to play that gamble. bezoz had to go over 60 meetings to get his first million dollar investment and has to give up 20% of amazon. 20%. he wouldnt have been here if he did not taake that decision

there is no nobility in poverty - jordan belfort 

i cant change people or inspire change in anyone who dont wish to do so 

if you give up today you might never know what you could have been but even if you fail Tommorow you atleast tried.

You want to acheive great things but dont want to get up small. Directly acheive karna possible nahi

being challenged is inevitable being defeted and not living upto ypur potential is optional